Zhu Lao
And this is...
This is Chen Zhixiong, the CEO of Dingtai Group
Yes, it was Chen who sued Wanjia in Beijing to solve the problem.
I heard that Chu Lao came to reclaim the sea
Specially come to visit
Our eldest young master
He was the biological son who had been lost in the family for many years
But the one you just mentioned is not the same as Jie Shao
Ah, so this is Hall Master Chen
The eldest young master Chen is straightforward
Please don't mind.
Chen Zhixiong, this seems to be Amami Mountain Mansion
Add a thousand people to your hand
The dignified underground emperor
So believable to us
eldest young master
We have nothing to give away when we meet for the first time
I have a purple gold card here
There is a 10 million quota in it
In addition, Chen's industries are all over Cheonan
You can spend whatever you want with this card.
10 million maybe
How much and what's the situation?
A mere 10 million
Not even a fraction of our 10,000 assets
Hmm Wan Jiaqi
Come back to me now
Take all your junk luggage away from me
What happened to the eldest young master?
Why don't this surname Liu call me?
I almost forgot.
I have something very important
I'm taking it back.